---
toc: true
layout: post
title: Summary W3
description: Summary Week 3
courses: { csse: {week: 3}}
categories: [C1.4]
type: collab
---
## Summary of Accomplishments

### Adding Apple Emoji to Snake Game
- We struggled to add the emoji on cloud computers (will not copy and paste). We overcame this by making a red circle to imitate the apple (we could not get the emoji to work on cloud computers sadly).

### ASCII Values
- We could not figure out what the values meant under the arrow key values, so after spending 20 minutes or so using ChatGpt to understand the Snake Game code, we were able to find the code to change the control keys in the game. We used the ASCII values to change the keys from the arrows to WASD.

### Changing the Shapes of the Snake 
- We could not figure out what the values meant under the arrow key values, so after spending 20 minutes or so using ChatGpt to understand the Snake Game code, we were able to find the code to change the control keys in the game. We used the ASCII values to change the keys from the arrows to WASD.

### Learned Table Formating
- On Tuesday we opened the notebook in the teacher repository "javascript-output-jquery-ipynb" and study the format of the tables. We learned how to make different table in Markdown and in HTML

### Jupyter Pages Probelms
- At first my new jupter pages for week 3 wouldnt show up on the Time Bo. Aftr a few minute of diccussing with my partner I realized that the date and all the dashes are essentail for creating a post. For example: 2023-09-08-TitleOfPage.md
